1. I created a login and log out system, that makes the user create an account for the GOV.UK website. There is a two step verification system, to make sure you get the password correct, if it is incorrect, the user has to retype the password.
2. The login system is made into a procedure, this is called at the start of when the code runs, and the program works well when tested. All the login features work to their intended use.
3. The log out system is also made into a procedure, that will either log the user out and end the running task, terminating the code, or either loop back round to the search bar if the user decides they dont want to log out. All logout feautures work to their intended use.
4. Created a search system, that is made into a procedure. Onced logged in the user will be asked what they want to search. Once the user has serached what they are looking for, 3 "recommendations" will show and then if the user chooses to stop searching and end the looped code, it will display the search history. Search, recommendations and history work as intended, no faults in the tested code. 
5. After a search the code asks wether to continue searching, with an else statment to a yes or no question, a user must input yes or no, otherwise it loops and asks yes or no again if answer is not one desired, this too works for history and logout. Code works well, procedures and else statments work to their intended use
6. Code origonnaly didnt have procedure system, if trying to log out and inputed answer was no it would loop, issue now fixed, with procedures throught the code, program works to intended use and no bugs have been found. 
